# 15. IDS Policy

In order to preserve the integrity of data that Smylen stores, processes, or transmits for Customers, Smylen implements strong intrusion detection tools and policies to proactively track and retroactively investigate unauthorized access. Smylen currently utilizes [AWS Guardduty](https://aws.amazon.com/guardduty/) to track integrity, monitor log data, and detect unauthorized access.

## 15.1 Applicable Standards

### 15.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 09.ab - Monitoring System Use
* 06.e - Prevention of Misuse of Information
* 10.h - Control of Operational Software

### 15.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.312(b) - Audit Controls

## 15.2 Intrusion Detection Policy

1. AWS Guardduty is used to monitor and correlate log data from different systems on an ongoing basis. Reports generated by AWS Guardduty are reviewed by the Security Officer on a monthly basis.
2. AWS Guardduty generates alerts to analyze and investigate suspicious activity or suspected violations.
3. AWS Guardduty monitors cloud integrity and sends real time alerts when suspicious changes are made to its configuration.
4. Automatic monitoring is done to identify patterns that might signify the lack of availability of certain services and systems (DoS attacks).
5. Smylen firewalls monitor all incoming traffic to detect potential denial-of-service attacks. Suspected attack sources are blocked automatically. Additionally, our hosting provider actively monitors its network to detect denial-of-service attacks.
6. All new firewall rules and configuration changes are tested before being pushed into production. All firewall and router rules are reviewed every quarter.
7. Smylen utilizes redundant firewall on network perimeters.
